docs: Add an example for sending artifactory credentials using environment variables (#8165)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/java.md

### Custom registry support, and authentication

> In the above config, the custom registry URLs are defined using a package rule, and the username/passwords are set using a host rule each. If you don't want to store your artifactory credentials in plaintext, you can pass them as an environment variable using a javascript config file like `config.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how you can use a `config.js` file to configure Renovate for use with Artifactory.
We're using environment variables to pass the Artifactory username and password to Renovate bot.
```

How about this?

```js
module.exports = {
  hostRules: [
    {
      hostType: 'maven',
      baseUrl: 'https://artifactory.yourcompany.com/',
      username: process.env.ARTIFACTORY_USR,

>       password: process.env.ARTIFACTORY_PSW,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      password: process.env.ARTIFACTORY_TOKEN,
```

Artifactory seems to supports token based authentication as well (https://www.jfrog.com/confluence/display/JFROG/Access+Tokens). I'm not sure if this is easy/hard to do, and if this is well supported for all Artifactory offerings (JFrog Cloud, JFrog Self-Hosted).

So somebody who actually uses Artifactory should decide whether we want to use tokens or passwords in our example config.

}
```

> In the above config, the custom registry URLs are defined using a package rule, and the username/passwords are set using a host rule each. If you don't want to store your artifactory credentials in plaintext, you can pass them as an environment variable using a javascript config file like `config.js`:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The config above defines the custom registry URLs within a `packageRules` array and the username and password are stored in plaintext within a `hostRules` array.

If you do not want to store your Artifactory credentials in plaintext, pass them as an environment variable using a JavaScript config file like `config.js`:
```

How about something like this?

> In the above config, the custom registry URLs are defined using a package rule, and the username/passwords are set using a host rule each. If you don't want to store your artifactory credentials in plaintext, you can pass them as an environment variable using a javascript config file like `renovate-config.js`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the above config, the custom registry URLs are defined using a package rule, and the username/passwords are set using a host rule each. If you don't want to store your artifactory credentials in plaintext, you can pass them as an environment variable using a javascript config file like `config.js`:
```

```js
module.exports = {
  hostRules: [
    {
      hostType: 'maven',
      baseUrl: 'https://artifactory.yourcompany.com/',

>       username: process.env.ARTIFACTORY_USR,
>       password: process.env.ARTIFACTORY_PSW

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      username: process.env.ARTIFACTORY_USERNAME,
      password: process.env.ARTIFACTORY_PASSSWORD
```

Can you choose any variable name here? Or are we hard-coded to what's there now?
If we can choose any variable name, please spell out the full name instead of using an abbreviation.
I think having clear variable names is really helpful. 😄
